what are they thinking about when they do that?
word christmas is sure to stop
a cozy warm apartment back in the
decorated christbaum or to the
Christmas party of a company or one
club and who enjoy it all years
can
of course he regrets those with humans
the before the holidays and between the holidays
Holidays are on the go
Thousands of kilometers on the highway
have to go back and actually
have no chance in
to bring festive mood
but there is a solution you can do a lot
probably at the motorway christmas mood
Christmas can come up
Delicacies can taste in
choose a shop and gifts
buy and can be so on the sacred
prepare evening on the way
where you finally have a few hours
may be at home if you but this
you want to take chances then you can
do not do station somewhere but
One should have the 16 country time
highway restaurants in Austria
You enter and immediately you are in
Christmas spirit sink
I invite you to come with me and
enjoy this beautiful with me
ambiente christmas on the highway
yes and I meet now the man of
this Christmas cd in the field of
It has been thought up on the motorway and indeed it is
wolfgang rosenberger is long-time boss
and host for around six million
visitors in the year
Mr. Rosenberger you are well aware that
very creative and imaginative
restaurant manager what were you for
motivation that you in all 16 long time
highway restaurants to massive and such
wonderful christmas mood created
to have
christoph mister professor beautiful that we
have them for us again
Christmas is a family time
with the parents with the grandparents
to be together
This time is synonymous with me for a long time
especially with my employees
so naturally the heart
preparations for christmas a lot
hectic is a lot of hectic in the
Christmas shopping it's the
car rides you have to do for it
simply the last things still
and this hectic
Of course we want to contribute
afford to come down a bit too
relax and at least a few minutes
a pleasant us is possible
harmonic time you have a lot
said in the quietest time of the day
year that do not have what I see
In this connection, they are like that
Everything thought up for your guests
Of course that starts with landscheid
the culinary and we have in
We have a cabaret in our kitchen
Duck offered variants among us
have that with a course now
seasonally accompanied with a fresh
his red cabbage and continues to grow
nice but of course christmas without
Crispy goose is for many nixon
Of course, the Christmas goose have as well
we will be very fresh from the spit
to prepare the whole gives them then it
but a cold buffet and, above all, something
are there any if they are these
king crab where the panzer in the
group becomes about a meter of a top
meter wide plus the arms still
once this meat is very tender
and I thought I would do one
surprise and bought this kbc
and buffets austria we offer the
now cold on with a cocktail of his
Tomato sauce fish has always been one
because of the whole diet
actually also in this direction fish
and vegetables in my opinion go
should be two times fishing week in the
I definitely recommend
and so we now have currently a
red snapper we have a growler we
have a salmon trout too and we
have too
makes this little buffet every house
his vanilla kipper himself of course
with a real family
we also do it in the main
our gingerbread silver if now
someone here this culinary
delicious treats and yourself
He was thrilled about that here
also the possibility maybe somewhere
to pick such a Christmas present
and take with you
yes, there are also so many so biggest
of course I would be one
contribution to the easy life
and to offer the health
I think of our home-made ones
jams all our cities offer
that and it's easy for you
you would like to bring and small
bring sympathetic gifts
without spending a great deal now
but I would like to have a little one
thank you from the heart
Mr. Rosenberger many people in
living in the area yes come too
to measure here so not only the
Use motorway
What about Christmas?
people from the environment in the us this
to capture the Christmas spirit
Mr. Professor, that's what it is too
special that we have a n restaurant
integrate very strongly integrated
not only because of the regional recipes
and this tracking of a certain
internationality that we of course
but then again
this strong Austrian tradition
this modern and this one and that
now and then interpreted
culinary and Christmas now that
I think makes our cities quite
but especially christmas is getting stuck
is celebrated thanks wolfgang
Rosenberger I really want a lot
success for this christmas hut yes
my ladies and gentlemen dear spectators
There is a beautiful magazine
country time magazine
If you know more about the 16 country since
highway restaurants want to know you
find in it a lot of information about
artificial nutrition over healthy
nutrition but of course many recipes
For example, on rank seven how to
even the coffee can always prepare
even a wonderful apricot jam
so prepared as I said a counselor
booklet of the finest
that they are free in one of the 16
can pick up automatic restaurants